Workflows: Document how to set which user group can review (#2483)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/workflow/workflow.md

or be `reverse` to a different transition (line 9).

``` yaml hl_lines="3 4 9"
[[= include_file('code_samples/workflow/custom_workflow/config/packages/workflows.yaml', 23, 30) =]][[= include_file('code_samples/workflow/custom_workflow/config/packages/workflows.yaml', 38, 43) =]]
```

### Reviewers

When moving a content item through a transition, the user can select a reviewer.
Assigning a reviewer is mandatory if you set `reviewers.required` to `true` for this transition.

> You can restrict who can review the content item by setting `user_group` to the location id of a user group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict who can review the content item by setting `reviewers.user_group` to the location id of a user group.
```

> You can set restrictions on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of a user group.
```

> You can set restrictions on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict who can review the content item by setting `user_group` to the location id of a user group.
```

### Reviewers

When moving a content item through a transition, the user can select a reviewer.

> Assigning a reviewer is mandatory if you set `reviewers.required` to `true` for this transition. You can set restrictions
> on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assigning a reviewer is mandatory if you set `reviewers.required` to `true` for this transition.
You can set restrictions on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group
```

When moving a content item through a transition, the user can select a reviewer.
Assigning a reviewer is mandatory if you set `reviewers.required` to `true` for this transition.

> You can set restrictions on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set restrictions on who can review the content by setting `user_group` to the location id of some user group.
```
